Xiuyuan is you
Why do you treat me as your guest again? I don't have it.
It's actually an employee of our company
Liu Yang, when will our company recruit?
The threshold is so low
Recruit anyone?
Su Ran hasn't come in yet
If you don't come in, you'll be late.
What about Su Ran?
Mr. Ji, the president of our company
My name is Ji Yanting
You have to remember
Don't ever forget that.
Remember, this is Su Ran.
Not only our company employees
Still my college classmate
He is also a small employee in a company
No need to introduce me
Did he really mistake me for someone else?
Guan Yingying
Why is Mr. Ji so similar to Xu Yuan?
Do you know what their relationship is?
Su Ran, you are not qualified to mention Brother Xu Yuan
Brother Xu Yuan wouldn't have died if it wasn't for you
This slap is a warning to you
Stay away from construction
He is not Hu Xiuyuan
He's mine.
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.
What about Enze?